and then you wonder why aren't you
confident it's because in the past when
you've been confident it did not go well
the one person you cared about your best
friend stabbed you in the back just
because you were a decent human being
oh hi yeah so can we just check audio
levels real quick and make sure can you
all hear us okay
[Music]
mic is banging against the table dammit
that thing is so sensitive I can touch
anything okay audio is great okay so is
it Lucy PI am i pronouncing that
correctly can just call me Lucy okay
yeah so Lucy tell me a list of all what
is all that stuff in behind your chair
this looks like a I'm I'm a stream
yeah but some plants uh yeah yeah this
is my little little little cozy setup
yeah yeah oh sorry buddy I was gonna say
I'd like I came in and graded you the
other day yeah I really like your stream
that's why I wanted to come on cuz I
really really like what you're doing
okay
and and so what are we gonna be talking
about today Lucy um so I've been
reflecting on this a little bit because
I knew this was gonna be the question
that was asked like I know I'll have a
lot of issues okay and and sometimes um
you know when you're in the the maze of
your mind it's kind of hard to
categorize absolutely what the issue is
but one of the one of the big things
that I kind of click with today that I
kind of wanted to start with is like um
I really look like I like Who I am when
I'm on my own when I'm quiet when I'm by
myself like I'm quite content with who I
am as a person okay I'm nice go good
morals like I kind of check a lot of
boxes and I enjoy being in my own energy
okay the minute I'm with other people my
internal dialogue and my energy just
completely shifts and I'm very like
critical I don't like Who I am like when
I'm around people I like constantly
judge myself and of some days it's
better than others you know like if I
meditate before I go into an interaction
and there's some people that I feel more
comfortable than others around okay um
but yeah for them I think that's like
the biggest thing that's going on right
now yeah so first of all thank you so
much for spending some time kind of
thinking about it and also I think you
did a wonderful job of encapsulating
this issue which is that
there's more than one you yeah yeah
there's sort of the real you and then
there's the person that you feel like
you should be when other people are
around yeah especially with that cuz I I
do die cuz I'm in stream yeah I might
like I've been going through this like a
lot processes lately of um trying to
become more of who I am a stream on
stream and I'm trying to become hold on
you're trying to become more of who you
are on stream or off stream um like
bring who I am off stream onto stream
okay okay gotcha yeah cuz sometimes so I
guess like my goal with what I like to
do is like I like to uplift people like
to help people find purpose I also I'm
very into like this the spiritual
scientist so I do like tarot cards and
oracle cards and just like I don't know
like trying to be that compassionate
voice of spirit I like to work with
spirit and I I really like that and
sometimes though I I feel like I have to
be this um
think this like always like super super
positive or this like yeah so so you
want to be the thing that you are yes
but you feel like sometimes there's a
there's a voice inside you that says
that you should be something else yeah
and when did you start becoming the
person that you are
and
it's been I think just like through the
process of growing up he kind of like
shed a lot of beliefs that other people
kind of put on you yeah I'm 24 now so
like that process is like really saw it
happened in where I'm like I don't want
to keep
doing this so I guess like yeah I guess
you keep doing what um like putting on
like a like out like a show or a like a
like a persona um like a friend yeah but
yeah I think I'm just like finding out
more of who I am like I still don't
really know like Who I am so when you
asked like how long have I been Who I am
I'm like oh okay you know by the way
your your picture seems to have gotten
blurry I don't know if it's oh oh hang
on hang on
oh that's
okay yes okay sorry I just rely a lot on
facial expressions so it helps me an
effect oh okay okay oh I'm really good
with those I'm like really bad at like
hiding what's going on so that's gonna
make make this easier for me but so so
let's just think about this a little bit
right so there's so give me give me an
example of like you say that sometimes
when you're around people you start to
have a in your internal dialog so what
kind of person are we talking about is
there someone that changes your internal
dialogue pretty consistently yeah
usually people that don't have similar
but like beliefs I think the
spirituality thing is a big one I even
hate the word spirituality because I
feel like
I get a lot or I judge that a lot or
feel like I get a lot of judgment from
that so especially when it come on to
like the twitch platform like if the
conversations thriving means something
that I really enjoy that I'm fine
okay but if it's yeah if it's and and so
if it's not thriving then what happens
and I get quiet I kind of shut down I go
internal and I'm like Oh what kind of
thoughts do you have Oh like oh I bet
these people think I'm stupid
Oh like I thought I sound like an
absolute like no case mm-hmm so if
you're not like talking to these kinds
of thoughts arise when you're not
talking to your people
yeah does that make sense yeah okay so
like so now I've got my first question
for you Lucy is why is it important to
thrive because it feels good to thrive
okay it was yeah I don't know if you'll
yeah it feels good
so I've got like dead limited vocabulary
you know that's that's no I think that's
it that's a really fantastic answer
right so it feels good to thrive so what
part of what is thriving
um the exchange of information the
conversation we talking about what I'm
passionate about again I don't know like
my energy so I think okay is this like I
feel glowing like yeah you look good I
feel like I'm so does that feeling
coming come from you or does it come
from other people um it comes from me
I'm sure about that like well then again
actually new because then it's like the
connection because I feel like I'm more
connected with people when I'm talking
about something that with driving about
yeah so cuz I I think you know my sense
is that it comes from you but what I'm
noticing is that you're not the one who
brings it out ya know that yeah you're
right right yeah right because what
we're saying is that like so even though
the feeling is internal like it's a
vocht by something else yeah so there's
something there's some kind of
circumstance yeah that brings out your
sense of like connection and thriving
yes
and what
let's start with this so like when some
when you're sitting with someone and
they're not evoking they're not sort of
giving you a space to thrive okay is
that a good way to describe it yeah how
do you feel don't create the space
either I beat myself up a lot of like um
I've been compete in this cycle where I
am so I do i do tarot readings on and I
love doing them and I get I get that
this is like the best scenario I could
describe what happens is um I come in
with an intention of like I don't know
like I want to uplift people I want to
like have a discussion about this this
and this and then I'll be talking I'm
having a great time and then like things
slowly start to die down but then it's
like internally I start to show off and
then I start going into this comfort
zone of like okay I'm just gonna do
people's cards now and it's like a like
a comfort zone of like okay I'm just
gonna be focusing on you and like would
you like I like a question and answer
type thing where people come in with
questions I like just kind of reel up
like go back to like yeah so machine
yeah absolutely so so what is it what is
it that the cards protect you from you
see that the cards are protecting you
like yeah so so I I want you and
everyone else to notice that like when
you go so when you're feeling a certain
way which is like something in the
negative spectrum yeah you turn to the
cards because this is as you put it it's
your comfort zone yeah right you feel
safe if you're doing cards because the
focus is on them it's moved off of you
yeah and then and then you're in safe
territory because then like you're out
of the spotlight yeah and then in your
case it's tarot cards and it's another
human being but in a lot of cases like
for me it was video games right when I
was feeling a certain way recovered
addicts from video games yeah yeah now
I'm addicted to tarot cards instead yeah
beautiful right so you see let's think
about that for a second so my god
how does that how does that work so
tarot cards have replaced something it
replaced video games and I
think that's good like I think it's a
step in the right direction also kind of
replaced like external validation like I
have been reflecting a bit on like you
know like why can't I just be me in any
situation like why am I like relying on
like this external like yeah this this
person who you are is good oh no we
don't let you know like why am I trying
to gauge like how I should be from other
people but like I have well so let's
let's answer that why why do you need to
rely on other people to gauge to give
you a sense of confidence about yourself
I don't know like God let's be
mathematical so let's say let's say that
we're can confidence about myself come
from
for me in theory okay or it can come
from where else
um you okay where do you get it I get it
from me but it's I only give it to
myself when I feel like validated okay
so yeah I think that makes perfect sense
so in a bizarre way so like I know that
the right answer for people who are
spiritually in tune with themselves is
that confidence comes from within that's
the right answer but if we actually
listen to what you're saying your
confidence comes from two places yeah
sometimes it comes from you and
sometimes it comes from other people
absolutely right yeah first let's
acknowledge that that's the way it is
right now what what is it
why would I need confidence to come
so if I'm not getting confidence from
the outside where do I need it to come
from from you absolutely and if I'm not
needing conf I'm not finding confidence
on the inside where do I need it to come
from you need these come from the inside
it's the only like sustainable source of
confidence uh hold on hold on woman
sustainable source of confidence I
completely agree with you but if I'm not
if I'm getting confidence from the
outside what does that mean about the
confidence what I'm getting from the
inside well it's not that is it
absolutely Yeah right yeah so why don't
we write it so what can we understand
about like if you find that you're with
someone and you're feeling like you're
not doing a good enough of a job and
you're feeling some kind of negative
space inside you're feeling judged you
start to judge yourself and then you
turn to the videogames tarot cards
Netflix take your pick Yeah right
what does that tell us about your
confidence or what you get from the
inside that's kind of low like yeah if I
have low confidence yeah yeah which is
strange right because a lot of the times
it doesn't feel that way it's it's
interesting I think like sometimes
people can look at me and like see like
think that I'm a lot more confident than
I am and it's like yo [ __ ] there's like
there's a reason I'm into spirituality
like that has been like something that
I've been trying to build my confidence
like with yes because people can look at
you on paper and be like oh you have
this this and this you have all of these
reasons to be confident and it's like so
like it's all about how you feel about
you like you know really like deep down
and um yeah I'd like that's one of the
big reasons wanting to come into the
call was just because like I've been
trying to navigate my own maze and
there's just I feel like there's just
big coal wounds around confidence that I
haven't quite um like healed and even
like thinking about it and talking about
it and tapping into it like like I I
have tissues like because I know I'm
probably gonna cry cuz like okay I even
felt like tearing up like even starting
to open that what am I so tell us so I
think that makes sense because the
strange thing is that I see two versions
of you right there's the confident
version but something happens like I
think that that confident person is not
actually the real you that there's some
kind of separation that's happening when
you take all of your lack of confidence
and you kind of bundle it up and you
like stick it in the closet so that you
can be this perfect self that can help
enough with other people it's actually a
sacrifice that you make for the sake of
your antara or your duty and then the
problem though is that like even though
that person feels very authentic I think
and I don't mean to be judgmental I
think that that person is a little bit
of a lie yeah because in order to become
that person you have to take some of
this negativity and you have
to ball it up and you up to stuff in a
way and and and this is where you use
the word wounds which i think is a very
powerful word that there's something
about you which you have to kind of like
stick under the table yeah and when you
do that I think what actually happens is
you're invalidating towards yourself no
for sure
I had a small realization of like well
this about this validation that I get
this persona how am I ever
how is that ever going to increase my
confidence because I don't even identify
with that all that there are times like
this person that's being accepted like
it's only one part of me it's not who I
am again like when I'm away from cameras
and when I'm like alone like I really I
do really like Who I am and it's more
soft it's more general it is less
confident it's not that bold but it's
like nice beautiful so just think about
that for a second right in a weird way
you were more confident in the person
who is less confident yeah you're softer
you're gentler you're less confident in
who you are you're a flawed human being
yeah and somehow it's peaceful to be
with that person who does not live up to
expectations oh my god you just blow my
I don't know I am so afraid to like show
that I think I think sometimes like this
that's supposed to be huge
of like oh you're supposed to be like
this yeah so it's expectation let me ask
you this Lucy who did you show yourself
to that you cared about that didn't
accept you my best friend
tell me about that um I had this friend
so I've I think your camera is tearing
up because it just got blurry oh no we
don't want to see her like okay yeah I
don't know it sometimes it's in focus
but oh okay there we go it's 40 yeah
that's okay it's okay I'll manage but
okay so tell me about your right your
best friend um so uh I get cozy for this
emotionally preparing myself okay so um
I had a friend everything has just gone
black in his flashing okay so so you
were saying okay yeah there we go I yeah
I've always been I've always had like
problems with like social social stuff
um I've me like my sister was like my
best friend and I don't know just I just
always had like a hard time making like
good friends um and then I kind of like
when I was about five years six years
old I got a Gamecube so great like don't
have to socialize with anybody I can
just sit at home and play games and then
in school I'd just you know kind of like
keep my head down like keep my head down
and just like don't need to make any
friends cause like you know um but yeah
but then I go I get into high school and
I like stop making friends with this
like one girl and uh we end up becoming
like really really good friends and
you know those like I don't know I see
like people having friends of it like
I've known this person for like 10 years
and then like I had like how like how
have you got all of these friends cause
like it doesn't make any sense to me
um but anyway let me just clarify so so
does it is it somewhat perplexing to you
how people maintain long-term
friendships not anymore
um because I i but yeah sometimes I do
think some long-term friendships I look
at them and like they feel like that I
see a lot of people like who had in
those friendships because they feel
obliged
um to be in those friendships because
they've been in there for a long time
and I'm like how do you do that like how
like how do you maintain that um I
almost want to say it's like a bit of a
persona that like you know to maintain
that friendship like they have to
completely abandon who they really are
in those situations of like I just don't
have a good like I don't have any easy
time doing that even though you don't
have a easy time abandoning who you are
well I do apparently but I mean I'm I
you know I don't abandon myself
completely like there okay Inc you know
if there's like a spectrum of how much
you abandon yourself uh-huh I know like
I was like is that a super extreme but
you know I am I think I feel like
everyone in a way is on that spectrum
because the way I think society and
everything is is like yeah you don't
know who's oh like that you are okay
chuckling it sounds like you're you're
kind of wondering you know how is it
that people can be so inauthentic with
themselves for such a long time in order
to maintain a relationship for ten years
it um honestly like I don't want it too
much because it seems like I don't know
it it's uh it seems like kind of
self-explanatory like how things are set
up but um oh yeah I've I've always kind
of just struggled to do that so I kind
of wonder what's wrong with me yeah more
than wonder what's wrong with other
people I more wonder like what's wrong
well Lucy so I I think I think um so
first of all I don't think anything is
wrong with you
okay that's nice what's the narrow but I
I do think that somewhere along the way
you got the idea like in your in the
assumptions of what you're saying
there's this assumption that being
together with someone for ten years the
longer you're with someone the more work
it is because the more you have to
abandon yourself
right that's why it's sort of perplexing
to you how people can maintain
relationships for 10 years because the
first year of maintaining relationship
is so much work and then if we have to
do it for a second year in the third
year I don't it's more like if you make
it small about making a childhood friend
like that precise to be like maintaining
a friendship with somebody as you grow
as a person and no longer become like
you're no longer that person that they
became friends with and that they have
grown and a problem meet someone that
you no longer like oh and remember who
they are you're no longer who you are
how do you still maintain the Dodgers
I'm not very good with like small talk
or like I don't know like um I don't
know I want I don't want to say fake but
that's like the old I think that's like
the only thing about vocabulary that's
it's like very surface level um I want I
don't know why I want secrecy like only
surface level like me me me me me like
me I just think I don't know I just
don't like you that's and that's a great
that's a great description so I actually
I just want to pause for a second and
like you and me me me me me me
so it feels like that's not good
communication but that is an amazing way
to convey what you're feeling because I
understood exactly what you meant
what do you mean it's sort of like this
idea that you know that sometimes there
are people out there who are super fake
and that when you haven't seen someone
in a year that's the way you act with
them oh yeah it really is and it's
really hard for you to do that because
it's hard for you to be fake yeah it's
like reads all over my face I'm like how
do you how do you do this yeah so I
think oddly enough
I know that some of the ways that I'm
reframing things or framing things is
not really connecting with what you're
saying but I really think somewhere
along the way you're kind of saying like
how do people maintain friendships over
10 years as individuals grow and change
because the longer the relationship goes
in the more that you diverge the less
like authentic stuff the less stuff that
you guys have in common is you become
different people how do you maintain a
a strong connection without the mimimi
mimimi mimimi yeah because you guys have
become different people yeah I think one
of the things there with me and as you
like reframe that it's like I have a
hard time being confident with myself as
I'm changing and growing I don't stick
to it I was awake and I'm like me me me
me me like yeah authentic because I'm
like not confident with who I've changed
and grown into a person so I feel like I
have to like do these like pleasantries
and don't feel oh there it is
no that's very yeah so I'm gonna just
say that back to you right so the reason
that people are able to maintain
relationships over 10 years is because
they're authentic it's really really
hard if all you have is me me me me me
me me yeah right so the way that you
maintain a relationship for 10 years is
that you recognize that each of you has
changed as human beings but can you come
to love and accept the person that they
are now instead of the person that they
used to be yeah you know so I had a
friend who we were really close when
when we were in middle school and then
like when we got into high school he
started using a bunch of drugs and like
that was difficult for our relationship
because I didn't want to use drugs and
he wanted to use drugs and like we still
are friends to this day but we've just
taken different paths and we've sort of
accepted each other for like what we are
yeah that's cool
but I I think the reason that it feels
so confusing to you is because the
reason like the reason it's so hard is
because the further you guys diverge the
more you have - me me me me me me me me
me it to bridge that gap right the more
fake you have to become yeah but I think
the problem here is that you're not
letting them see who you really are
yeah that's that's that's really true
yeah so then the question becomes and
I'll come back to this like what
happened with Anna yeah so so honey her
name was uh her name is Amy
I'm sorry Amy yes okay I don't even
think I said a name to be okay so I was
a really good guess like I don't even
know if I said a name but um but yeah we
were
really good friends she was like my
first like official like bestfriend and
we used to play xbox and she just really
like was we just really really connected
really clicked really go on as we got
older to like 18 19 she started getting
into drug use and I wasn't into that and
she got very like judgmental towards me
because I wasn't interested in drugs and
it started kind of kind of getting into
peer pressure of like you know all you
being boring oh oh you're a [ __ ] for
like not wanting to do it and I'm like
yeah I don't know I just like have this
I just don't I'm just not interested
just internally resistant I just don't
want to do it like um and that like
seemed like like they didn't really
shouldn't really respect that and she'd
slowly kind of like I don't know like
she'd start talking like trash about me
like to the people around me and like
saying that I was like judgmental and um
like up my own ass but like and
condescending and think that I'm a above
her because of I wanted to be like clean
and not what when I say clean I don't
mean like there's anything dirty about
drugs um just as like the ceiling of
like being clean like I do yeah yeah
doing drugs I'm correcting myself now
because I don't want to seem like I'm
clothing being condescending or being
above anyone even it's like I'm talking
about it um but yeah and then over time
like it just the relationship just got
really mean and oh my god
so I so I used to do like YouTube videos
when I was younger um cuz I was very
like shortened I used to make call of
duty commentaries on YouTube and I
really enjoyed doing them and I actually
was pretty successful like for my age I
was about 18 and I had about 80,000
subscribers and it was really cool I'm
proud of it and
then she would always introduce me as
like oh this is Lucy like she's famous
on YouTube but I'm like all can you not
like I don't want to like that's not I
don't that like just makes me sound like
an [ __ ] and she was always like if we
ever got into an argument she would use
like that card of like oh you think
you're better than me because of like
where you're at and um she'd like accuse
me of being jealous and stuff a lot and
I know like looking back now it's like I
understand that she has like a lot of
issues that she'd put on to me but I
think I just like gobbled them all up
and for that I was like this horrific
horrible
like person and
I don't know I'm trying
how that connects to like
everything but like when you're in the
maze it's hard to see I'm sure sure can
see maybe maybe we can help you out with
that yeah
the combined wisdom of short chat in
myself oh no I'm not even looking at
Twitter I was like I'm not either does
it go to a chat trick chats pretty good
though actually so so let's just think
through once again mathematically like
what happened right so there's this
person who's your best friend you guys
connect y'all play xbox you've been a
little bit lonely it sounds like through
middle school and and when you got to
high school and where what you have an
accent where are you from generally I'm
from England
okay from Burton yeah okay so um so you
were kind of I think you used the words
shut in a little bit yeah I was a sure
enough just like homebody yeah and so
you had this friend and this person that
you really connect with and and amy is
like soup Amy right yeah yeah and so
y'all are y'all are close and he's she's
your friend and she's your officially
yes because I've always been like oh you
see like girls and cliques like all the
cool girls in high school and I was like
a goof yes I was like yeah I have me
like one of these best friends yeah
absolutely right so you were you were
hungry for something you were hungry for
companionship and friendship and here
comes along Amy and you know you kind of
described in a very like logical way
that there was like sort of this decline
that started around drug use and it
sounds like she took a lot of your
choices personally like she felt like if
you're not using drugs she was
projecting so in psychology and
psychiatry we call that projecting she
was projecting her insecurities she was
calling you judgmental even though like
and we could talk a little bit about
this so people
people sometimes hate the thing that
they hate the most in the world is
someone who they could be yes yeah and
and we we talked about this a little
couple weeks ago on Devon stream but
like my theory of trolls on the Internet
is that like the reason that they troll
is because they look at someone and they
feel like if they were different they
could be the person that they choose to
troll yeah and so what they have to do
is like knock people down a peg to make
themselves feel better yeah and so what
she's got to do is like when you're when
when she's using drugs and you're sober
and you've got 80,000 subscribers on
YouTube
like or where either of you
professionally oriented or successful or
academic or anything like that no we're
both no we both we both like didn't go
to college didn't go yeah so University
absolutely right so like like if you
think about both of you guys are so
similar but they're a couple of really
important differences between you and
her and those are that first of all you
choose not to use drugs yeah and the
second is that you're professionally
successful in some way despite college
so there's like there's like the
jealousy and envy of everyone who
decides to go to university and you know
becomes an accountant which is like
they're like a normal functional member
of society and then there's the two of
you and you guys you your bond is so
deep because both of y'all are misfits
yeah and in both of you are rejects yeah
and so it's okay for both of you guys to
[ __ ] up yeah but then you committed the
most cardinal sin Lucy you didn't
actually [ __ ] up yeah you're someone who
walked her path but decided not to use
drugs and became YouTube famous yeah and
so she every day when she wakes up and
she sees you she sees the thugs so hard
absolutely yeah right
and then because she's like oh it's then
what happens is the guilt arises the
shame arises like Oh Lucy's actually
better than I and then what she has to
do is she has to protect herself for
Matt right yeah we've talked about this
before but remember that the ego arises
in order to protect you from negative
emotion yeah so she starts to feel guilt
and shame the ego steps in and then she
starts being judgmental towards you
right every person that she introduces
you to she's got to tell them that
you're famous on YouTube because if it
comes out 15 minutes into the
conversation they're gonna be really
impressed right oh I like a way like cuz
I just got really embarrassed by I was
like oh my god she's just like I don't
know yeah you got a bear spy it because
you're an empathic person and you
realize that she's insulting you in
public but that's not what it looks like
I'm kidding sorry that's a joke but oh
right so like this is this is like
someone saying like so a hi my name is
olive Canoga I'm I'm on faculty at
Harvard Medical School like it's the
second word out of like second think I
know mine that's a dick thing to say and
then if someone introduces reduce me
down to this YouTube favorite I'm just
like I'm so much more than that like
that was a byproduct of me being me you
know like yeah yeah yeah I didn't think
of it like that
oh my god and and so she's got a she's
got to pull the gun out and sort of like
it and the funny thing is she can't you
can't if she like if you complain about
that but she's like oh no I'm trying to
like tell everyone how awesome you are
but she's actually doing the exact
opposite she's been it's no yeah yeah
yeah and and that's what she's got to do
because if people find out that like not
only are you a normal human being that
they like and your YouTube famous and
your humble about it and it's not how
you define yourself
yeah that's intolerable I also feel like
I need to disclaim I'm also not YouTube
famous anymore just like what but yeah
how does it feel how does it feel to say
you're not YouTube famous oh it's nice
like a weight off my shoulders like I
mean yeah right so that's kind of weird
so let's just let's just pause and pay
attention to that for a second okay so
one would think that admitting
your failures or that you're a has-been
would lead to a sense of lack of
self-confidence oh yeah I kind of what I
have been through that like process of
like my mind being like oh God
everyone's gonna be so judgmental like
of because I have friends that are wrong
like millions of subscribers now um and
I'm like all [ __ ] like think that bet
they think I'm like a but I'm like you
know what it's actually like really nice
to
no that sounds like an Amy thought
I bet they think I'm a burnout yeah like
that's it any thought
you see that very yeah wait that's the
kind of thing that Amy used to think
about you oh my god if she liked the
little voice in my head now those
judgments cuz it happens like I get a
kind of I have yes you should be really
bad but it's not as bad anymore but yeah
like I have um like some quite like very
like famous people like syndicate and
there was this guy called like ksi who
were like huge huge youtubers I used to
be like quiet friends with the ball I
got kind of embarrassed I kind of
returned to the internet again as this
you know more like spiritual laid-back
like hippie rather than like a super
intense like gamer with like I used to
have like a lot of opinions negative
ones I used to like run ting and like I
don't know but yeah I how do you feel
right now is he
embarrassed I why
[Music]
Oh No um about like all of my
projections and like what what does that
mean projections what do you mean well
my um like explaining like
how how I feel about and like talking
about my judgments and thoughts that I
have like sometimes I feel kind of like
ashamed of them and especially I still
low-key feel like I'm I'm like somehow
like bragging goes something by saying
that like I was friends with famous
people it's like it's just part of like
the story it's not like me trying to
brag but yeah that's an Amy comment yeah
so so the other thing that is is those
are the thoughts so you have this like
program running like in the back of your
computer
yeah of your mind that judges what you
say based on how other people are gonna
perceive it oh yeah no that's exactly it
right and and we're gonna call that
thing Amy
that's Amy Exe like that's that's
actually hilarious because it's and
Sholay is true like it's sad so now I'm
gonna ask you Lucy when you pull out the
tarot cards what program are you trying
to shut down um Amy and anything else in
my life that's been that program you
know like I have this I made my own
little deck and it's like you know
things like listen to yourself like
connect with your heart like what your
intentions let your guard down like it's
safe to trust things and it's just like
this is literally like I don't know it's
just like I don't know it's like a
little nice messages that I'm like yeah
that I'd like trying to dry out like
drown out like even today like I was
crapping myself coming on to this Cole I
was like like I was so anxious I felt
really sick and I was like you know it's
like meditate chill breathe what were
you feeling oh my god
I was anxious about being able to like
communicate want my issues off cuz as I
said like like trying to categorize like
I'm a whole like I'm a bit of a mess you
know like I've got a lot of like
different she's going on and like any
bleed out into like different places
oh there's core issues that affect a lot
of things yeah so let me so it sounds
like what you were embarrassed about is
that if you came on here unless you had
everything sorted out people would think
that you were stupid for not
understanding your issues so what I'm
sorry what program is that well I could
quote a myeonghui but I feel like not
all of its from her but we can yeah I
completely agree yeah yeah so I I think
that there are multiple things so yeah
so this the Sun script word for this is
a some scar essay msk ARA and as twitch
ad is telling me this is like malware so
like I want I want you guys to
understand this that like as we go
through life we accumulate these
negative bundles of emotion that we
don't process yeah and what happens is
that bundle of emotion forms like some
kind of pattern which psychology calls a
schema sch EMA son script calls a some
Scott and it's kind of like this little
thing that's like operating in your mind
that changes the way your mind works
because when you're by yourself you're
like a completely normal person and even
on stream even on streams so even though
you're feeling embarrassment I think
you're being mostly authentic and I
think that I don't think anyone thinks
you're arrogant for having eighty
thousand YouTube subscribers at the age
of eighteen I don't think anyone thinks
that you think you're better than anyone
else for like knowing famous youtubers
because you used to be together I think
it's just a statement of fact that's the
way I interpret it yeah
but you've got this some scar which is
this little ball of undigested emotion
which when Amy did this to you she was
your friend she was your one person you
were hungry for friendship she was your
best friend
and you guys were both the rejects right
y'all were both the misfits neither
y'all went to university neither of you
guys had jobs or I mean I haven't asked
you about relationships but um you know
like like you guys didn't have something
that when you went to Thanksgiving and
you see your aunt or uncle and they
asked you what are you up to nowadays
you didn't have an answer that has them
nodding and respect yeah yeah I mean
then YouTube think even though that
seems cool they would still like they
weren't not in a respect temple yeah
yeah they'd have something more than her
at least yeah right which is big when
you've got nothing so like when either
you all have nothing and then you've got
something and then that creates that
problem for her and then she starts
attacking you and this is someone that
you formed a relationship that you were
vulnerable towards yeah you were
authentic you guys had this connection
we just when she starts attacking you
that hurts
yeah and that hurts a lot because your
tribes me being like like it's like it's
I was taking everything that you're
saying is true yes I didn't have any
other external support to be like yo
loose like she's she's like projecting
her [ __ ] on you you know yes I tried to
speak to my mum about it and one was
like kind of like yeah just jealous you
know and it's like so what did that do
to your internal sense of confidence I
took of myself you own it yeah and I
know it's not like every time like I'm
doing something while I'm always like
okay gotta make sure like I'm not sound
like I can't it's almost like a calm I'm
not allowed to be successful like I'm
always beating myself up for like even
wanting like something good yes because
that's a me judging you for being
successful yeah right so now what you've
done is you've internalized that Amy
viruses malware yeah and and when you're
with yourself you don't have to be
successful you don't have to appear to
be successful what turns on the malware
is other people's appearance or judgment
of your appearance success
yeah and also just a judgment of me like
as as me not even in regards to success
like sometimes I can literally just be
in a conversation with somebody and it
and it turns on us like hey am i making
this person feel bad or like I don't
know just like questioning like how I'm
being perceived um or judged and like it
even with success like out of the
equation like I just
I just like I don't know I hate it so it
sucks yeah right it's very powerful so
now I'm gonna ask you a question that
maybe you don't have an answer to which
is perfectly fine so Lucy it's fine to
understand that you got this bit of
malware there actually I think the
reason that you say they're not all Amy
is because the truth is that you have
multiple some scars and each some scar
is like activated by a slightly
different scenario yeah and what I want
you to notice about a some scar is that
you're yourself except when it becomes
active and then you become someone else
it's like the confident quiet person
disappears the other thing I'll tell you
about some scars is according to like
yogic theory the some scar retains the
age at which it was formed ya know I
relate to that a lot and and so right
now you're 24 yeah and so when you when
Amy exe activates you become like 18
again yeah and so all the person that
you've become all the growth that you've
experienced actually deactivates it's
like you shut off that program and
that's why it's so damn perplexing
because you're like I've become more
confident I'm confident in myself I
spent all this time meditating and
reflecting and I know I'm a good person
so why is it that all of those feelings
just randomly go out the window in some
circumstances yeah and so I want you to
recognize that your brain is literally
like a CPU that's running different
programs and there's 24 year-old
spiritual adviser Lucy who helps people
and is confident in herself and then
even while you're that person sometimes
Amy exe activates and in the middle of a
session with someone is a meaty XE
activates you can't just talk to that
person you need the crutch of the tarot
cards yeah that's a third program yeah
right which is like a full screen like
this is video games or other things that
that when we have this negative some
scar that activates we have to pull up a
third program to like put that other
[ __ ] into the background yeah yeah
because it is well like trying to
operate still while you have that going
on like you just like switch internally
and it's like oh [ __ ] like how do I yeah
function right now I need a minute like
I need to go like yeah it's like one of
those pop-up ads where you click the X
and that's a link to open up another pop
I can't pop-up ad and it's not a real X
yeah and especially don't looks like
just can't go down like stream it's like
you know it's funny cuz like I I you
know it's probably like very normal you
know for that for that to happen and
like I I've been trying to be more aware
of it's like activation I've been
practicing like a few things like not
taking things personally and not jumping
to conclusions because that's what Amy
does you know Amy jumps to conclusions
and she takes like what were the people
saying she takes it personally but yeah
like when it does it's reduced the
activation rate but um yeah it's it's
still that and when it is it's just very
hard to like function as a person
absolutely
so Lucy interaction wallet iPhone in I
think I think you've started by actually
so my question was gonna be okay it's
fine to figure all this stuff out what
do we do about it right like how now
what and I think you've actually done a
fantastic job of the first answer which
is I think the first thing you need to
do if you have these kinds of intrusive
thoughts and like for people who are
watching I want you to just think about
this scenario right so your your normal
self and then some circumstances arise
that your mind starts going like [ __ ]
haywire it just starts malfunctioning
and thinking all these thoughts that you
don't want them to think and you're like
why are these coming back it's just like
malware malware is a beautiful way to
put it and so the question is like how
do we conquer it like what do you think
Lucy how do we um probably like Charing
get to the root of light why did you
download the malware like why did it
come yeah and then how much one install
it um probably do you like I don't know
cuz this is why it's like this is why
I've come to you you know I think young
need support they need to go to a
professional to like health and diagnose
and like run a diagnosis all right you
thought my halwa and this is what it's
doing and um well I guess like on my own
side what I've been trying to do is like
diagnose like what it is and like what
it what it's doing with the limit like
from from inside the mal WA which has
been kind of hard and then try to
beautiful result like reduce how much
it's kind of coming up but I don't
actually know the solution I was loving
this tell me I will so I'm loving this
analogy more and more because like I I
just love the way are you using the
language to actually describe so I think
you're spot on the first thing you have
to figure out where did you get the
[ __ ] bow where right yeah where did
this where did these thoughts originate
yeah the second thing that you noticed
is that when you're operating from
within the malware it's really hard to
shut it off or impossible to shut it off
yeah right so what we've got to do is
step outside of the malware that's how
we're gonna diagnose it but the first
thing is that you know to recognize that
okay this actually is not me right now
but when you're on stream with someone
and you lose confidence and you feel
like you're not doing a good job the
first thing is to recognize that this is
the malware this is a me exe that's
activating it's not me okay and until
you know what a me exe is you can't tell
the difference and even route because
it's like I recognize it's happening but
I'm like is this me what's going on but
if I'm seen it's like something external
it's easier to like deal with in
separation yeah like that the other
thing is to be compassionate towards the
malware yeah right is to understand that
there's some guy in like Russia or the
Ukraine was just trying to make ends
meet so he wrote this virus and installs
money on your computer and that that guy
is just trying to bribe read and milk
and sort of understand that there's a
part of you that is actually
eighteen-year-old Lucy who feels hurt
and rejected yeah and what that person
needs is like your support right like
what ami needed and I think you did a
fantastic job of this Lucy like when I
was talking to you about what was going
on in Amy's mind you tossed this same
out there oh my god that must have been
really hard for her yeah right I mean it
was it was so weird like the dynamic at
the relationship I ended up with me
being a lot of like supporting her
through that and she'd go through these
like
um switch modes why she'd be like
recognized like Oh Lucy you're actually
really good puss and like actually I'm
sorry for like judging you like that and
then like switch because then it was
like oh if I recognize her as a good
purse and then she then becomes even
better than me and then Lucy you know
what you're doing right now
well you're diagnosing malware within
Amy you see that yeah I have like a
natural thing with that I'm quite good
with diagnose in people's malware and I
always feel like a and this is probably
like I set for it yeah mine but I always
feel like oh no like I don't want to
call out people's like oh yeah it's
clearly shadow but I'm quite good at
diagnosing people's mom yeah what so
you're noticing that amy has this one
mode of operation in something awakens
within her where she's got to treat you
like a [ __ ] yeah yeah and and so all of
us have malware all of us we all have
some scars
and so the first thing is to recognize
okay like this is where it came from the
second thing is to recognize when it
arises that this is actually not me but
that doesn't mean that it doesn't
deserve space in your head like you
can't just delete it or close the
program or something like that just
recognize that when this malware
activates oddly enough the more that you
fight against it quick if you like go
and you like like you know if you
control-alt-delete and like end the
process the malware just like pops up
again you can't just shut it off by
knowing that just understand that it's
activating and then like just you just
recognize that okay I'm feeling I'm not
feeling confident right now
this is like the Amy DXE it's gonna feel
a lack of confidence for a time and
that's actually okay because if you
actually just sit with the feelings of
Amy and you're not gonna it's hard to
recognize this because any time it
activates what happens is you go to your
comfort yeah and when you go to your
comfort the process goes into the
background and then you don't actually
get to like emotionally metabolize any
of that negativity so just sit with it
try to put on a face and just recognize
that okay on the inside there's gonna be
this whole process going on and I'm just
gonna keep talking like exactly like
what I'm doing on Twitch right now which
is internally I'm filled with anxiety
and thoughts of judgment and all of
these kinds of things but I'm just gonna
keep talking and play pretend and as
long as I recognize that I'm filled with
anxiety over time the anxiety is
actually gonna go away yeah yeah I have
a hard time saying when anxiety arises
I'm just like shut it down like yes and
it's like oh yeah absolutely through it
I like cuz because I think as well it's
like resistance like oh if I'm anxious
it means like I'm not doing wash like
should be doing go like this is a
warning sign of like stop what you're
doing like do something different you
know yeah so so just recognize that your
impulse is gonna be to shut it down and
as best as you can just ride it out I
want everyone to understand that like
feelings like anxiety or actually like a
wave and if you just wait the wave is
gonna like it builds up builds up builds
up feels like it's imposter
and if you try to stop the wave it
doesn't work but if you just leave the
wave alone it's gonna like crest and
then it's gonna collapse all on its own
yes all you have to do is just ride it
out and so when I'm talking to people
who have addiction problems we talked
about this principle called urge surfing
and to recognize that an urge is going
to arise to use whether it be a video
game or drugs or alcohol or marijuana or
whatever and that you don't have to
resist the impulse forever you just have
to resist the urge so just ride it yeah
surf along top and then over time like
that wave is gonna crash on its own and
then you'll be completely fine and the
more that you just practice that like
recognize you don't have to actually
take a step back from anything you're
doing just just sit with the feelings
that you've got recognize that there's
an 18 year old version of you who's
alive and got really really hurt by
being yourself because the only thing
you were is yourself yeah an Amy [ __ ]
punished you for it yeah and so now when
you try to be yourself like you learn
this is a learned behavior Lucy you
learned that if you're just like a good
person someone's gonna [ __ ] you over
that people are gonna hate you for it
and then you wonder why aren't you
confident it's because in the past when
you've been confident it did not go well
the one person you cared about your best
friend stabbed you in the back just
because you were a decent human being
who didn't use drugs oh dude that's so
like it's really absolutely mean I don't
think she realized was oh yeah I feel
like just in day to day like you don't
realize the impact that you make why not
you [ __ ] like that and yeah like I've
tried to speak to people in the past
about it and I think like you know if
people can like look at you and like
look at all you've got why did you not
feel confident like you've got all this
that's just like
I'm really glad that I came on this coal
yeah I'm glad you did too so let's go
ahead and transition let's see if people
have questions or you have this this
question bot so I'm gonna see if I find
it really interesting that you called it
malware to some like that no that's
twitch chat see I'm telling you this is
it's not just me it's me and twitch chat
twitch chat call it malware so I
actually did like a guided meditation
once Wow I imagined it because I really
liked computers like okay I'm gonna do
control-alt-delete
I'm gonna look at my processes like see
like a processes tab going on I'm gonna
like look and yep and and stop close
I'll be like anxiety exe okay delete and
I was like dude all of these things I
don't doing like okay virus scan okay
clear out junk I don't was actually like
pretty good like it this is like coping
mechanisms but even deeper than that
like I really like the idea that you
know we all roll just computers and when
were born we just like you know download
software and throughout our lives you
know were downloading different
information viruses malware connecting
with different computers exchanging
information you know cutting away
connections and just always trying to
evolve and like upgrade and sometimes
people have better Mouse's and keyboards
and some people have three monitors one
person might have the cheap [ __ ] one and
you know it just is what it is
and you know sometimes you don't realize
that where the computer we think with
the programs that are running in it
because it's just so deeply ingrained
and then even further than that I
believe like we're all actually just the
electricity running through that running
through those computers and when we die
the electricity just goes back yeah yeah
that's that's a really great analogy I
think the interesting thing about some
scars from the yogic perspective is that
they believe that some of your
programming get happens even before
birth oh yeah like I'm I like I'm
interested in like past lives and things
like that yeah so you should check out
something called this is like not really
great science but there's a great theory
called inherited trauma which is this
idea that like
children of Holocaust survivors have
some symptoms of PTSD and so apparently
like they're they're like not genetic
level changes but something called
epigenetic level changes that allow
prior experiences to be like passed on
to kids yeah and the prevailing theory
was that this was just sort of like
psychological and upbringing like a
nurture thing like if you experienced
PTSD that that affects the way that you
parent right and so because of your
parenting changes that someone else
grows up a particular way but that has
nothing to do with like birth it's just
all your the circumstances and you grew
up but some studies actually suggest
that their their changes at the
epigenetic level which is the activation
or on activation of genes which get
turned on in the mother and then
actually get passed on to the child
genetic yeah or in their DNA
but yeah so there's we can you know have
a separate conversation about
reincarnation and past lives and all
that stuff yeah but I want to get to two
questions if that's okay so one question
is Lucy are you using so elmond Reina
asks Lucy are you using other people's
standards to judge yourself are you
trying to see yourself through the eyes
of others unsuccessfully [ __ ] yeah no
you're right you're right yeah I do
judge myself by other people standards
especially with the content that I'm
into creating I'm always like oh like I
need to be like this to be like
spiritual or I need to be like this -
yeah you're right yeah yeah I do judge
myself by other people's standards like
cuz my standard I don't [ __ ] judge
anyone
I think everyone's like I'm like yo you
live in your best life like you go go
you know I I don't
myself by my own standards I'd be a haha
I feel a lot happier in that's exactly
what I do people kind of my oh my god my
brain yeah good job for a chat
yeah so someone else so Morphin morph
man 30 asks so in a sense Amy is the
devil card who Amy's the devil card who
has things dragging her down and Lucy is
the hermit walking her own path
no I guess this person I'm saying to the
Tarot yeah yeah that's architects at the
Tarot is that can you explain that to us
yes card is this person or it's it's a
non-physical thing that makes you feel
trapped
um it's usually dark it's demonized it's
the devil Cod it's usually symbolized
with like addiction things a taboo it's
the it's the things that make you like
feel like physically constrained and
trapped in something when there's no one
actually holding you in anything it's
just judgment and usually the best way
to kind of get out with it is to like
laugh it off and not be so serious and
then the Hermit is the archetype of
being alone go in your own way he holds
like a lantern and he's just on his own
path he's in solitude he's like in a
deep state of like reflection and of
like knowing himself and knowing who he
is compared to like out outside like
judgment and outside perspectives and
like beliefs and standards of like the
rest of the world I'd be like isolate so
like knows himself so yeah yeah that was
interesting
yeah that's cool thanks for explaining
that no problem so so when you stream do
you do like readings and stuff yes so I
do like a mixture of different things
I've recently started getting into ASM
aw because I love like um I don't know I
love ice well it brings you into like
the present moment but yeah when I
stream I have like a little queue and
people can come and join in and like ask
a question and then I um I like read
like read cause and go through those
questions and you know we go from any
of like you know like what's holding me
back right now and the cards show these
kind of like archetypes playing out like
in your life right now and it's supposed
to be like a projection of your
subconscious mind onto cards um through
symbolism through archetypes and I don't
do like fortune-telling I think people
have a bit of a thing with tarot cards
they think it's like supposed to tell
your future and how I use them is like
this is a reflection of the processes
that are going on right now helping you
navigate the maze because it's hard to
like navigate when you're in it
Tarot can show you more of like the
different energies at play or like the
different archetypes like at play and
yeah that's that's what I mainly do on
stream we just talk like life issues and
you know processing things and and yeah
but use Tarot is like sometimes it's
it's probably more of a crutch I could
probably just talk to people about that
issues without needing the symbolism of
like the cards but sometimes it's uh
it's very interesting why do you feel
like it the Tarot is a crutch um cuz I
actually like even in my own style do
you like private like private reads but
I don't actually use cards I can just
quite like I don't know I I say that
it's because I work with spirit like I
get like answers and I just I'm able to
talk with people and communicate and
connect with them but I guess like in a
scientific way like maybe I'm just both
empathic and like could pick up on cues
and relate and see um as we kind of
pointy I'm quite good at like diagnose
like people's malware yeah I don't know
how or why like I say that that spirit
but it might be something else you know
it depends what you believe in really
doesn't it um but yeah that's kind of
like what I do on stream really is that
but I don't always die don't always
diagnose malware like I do you don't
want you died you did that to be
diagnosed I can do that yeah okay thanks
for explaining so when do you just just
while we're on the topic when do you
stream
often you see um I think I stream on
like pretty much the same days as you
Wednesday friday-sunday okay as many
days 8 p.m. GMT no 7 p.m. GMT ok UK UK
time and then let's see why I think we
have maybe time for one or two more
questions so
one of the questions is how do I build
IKEA her
the instructions okay so so I guess the
last question comes from Tom so this is
domination time how does one actually
introduce someone in a group and try to
build them up about what they do
eg this is my friend he also served in
the military so I guess I'll go ahead
and take this one Lucy but my first
question is why do you feel like you
have to build up people that you
introduced like why is that
you know like why is that standard and
and you know if you really do feel like
there's a particular reason to build
them up like so I mean I generally don't
try to just build up people but I will
oftentimes say something that could be
corn quote building them up if I feel
it's like relevant to the conversation
so if I'm you know talking with someone
who's like a medical student and they're
interested in let's say orthopedic
surgery and I'm hanging out with a buddy
of mine who's an orthopedic surgeon I
will say something along the lines of
you know the so-and-so is a this is a
medical students interest ortho and so I
think I try to make I try to introduce
people in ways that are more relevant as
opposed to like
you know build them up and I'd really
wonder a little bit about why you you
know why building up other people and
conversations is important like I know
in general like it's nice to introduce
people and sort of you know try to say
good things about them but just the
yeah so like if you're on Tom is asking
a follow-up question and that's like
let's say we're at twitchcon and I'm
introducing dr. kay to the other
streamers I might say this is dr. kay
he's a Harvard psychiatrist an
incredible mental health treatment yeah
so I think that's fine all right so I
think that's relevant so I try to think
about things is is like what's relevant
like what is that what is the person
that you're going to be talking about
like because when you give details about
someone when you introduce them you're
framing the conversation you're teeing
up the conversation to go in a
particular way right like if I'm if I'm
talking to a buddy of mine who's single
and there's like someone else that I
want to set them up with I will
introduce the two of them and I will say
you know this is my buddy Tom he's
single and this is by my friend Helen
she's single - and then like that super
awkward but it's like you know it's
teeing up the conversation in a
particular way or I'll say something
like Oh like this is Tom he's super into
fitness and this is Helen she super
wants to be into fitness and and so like
that's you know so I try to make things
relevant and then of course you're not
gonna say anything negative about people
but I think you know take a step back
from from the ego and just just say
what's relevant
and that looks like
okay so hi it's Ava asks how do you deal
with anxiety when the wave just feels
too high to ride out so I'm gonna start
with something that Lucy said and Lucy
if you have thoughts about this I I
figured this question is a little bit
more directed towards me um but you know
so I think the first thing to recognize
is that if we look at Lucy's case she
has some mechanisms that she goes to
right so she was talking about how she
turns to the tarot cards and that's kind
of like your coping mechanism in the
moment and then the second thing to
remember about anxiety waves that feel
too large is that there are going to be
anxiety waves that are too large for you
to handle that's just gonna happen and
when that happens there's going to be
some kind of bad outcome either you'll
have a panic attack you'll start you
know you'll turn to whatever your coping
mechanism is so I think that like Lucy
has done an awesome job of like trance
transforming like gaming which is not a
great coping mechanism but I would say
like better than heroine right so
there's like a spectrum of like let's
say heroine gaming tarot cards taking a
deep breath and just sitting with the
feelings like there are a lot of
different coping mechanisms you so try
to replace trying to like move up the
line of like matter of coping mechanisms
but the other thing is I just
acknowledge that sometimes the anxiety
is too much to deal with and just
understand that things are gonna be
[ __ ] for a little bit like if your
anxiety is just super bad just let
yourself be overwhelmed be like well you
know I was interested in talking to this
person but at the end of the day like
that's not gonna work today because I'm
just feeling like [ __ ] but I'm just
gonna I'm gonna look like a bumbling
idiot for the next half hour and then I
get to leave so that's it
I'm Sol and oddly enough when you just
say to yourself like I'm Sol that's it
I'm screwed something magical happens to
the anxiety which is that it goes away
and it's kind of bizarre how that works
well what maybe we'll practice that one
day
[Music]
so I just want to thank you
lucify for coming on yeah and do you
have any questions or thoughts before we
wrap up
no I'm I don't think so not not yet at
least anyway I've got I'm gonna process
this a little bit because I feel like
I've learned a lot already
um but ya know thank you for having me
on thank ya you helped I just don't feel
like a bit like like my brain has just
been like pounded well like in a good
way like my phone like I'm gonna well
good I'm glad it was it was help I
really am glad it was helpful to you
Lucy and I think um what I want to thank
you for is is because I think everything
that you've talked about clearly
resonated with twitchchat
I've been sort of anything I was a bit
afraid like I don't know because I think
I think the stuff that I know so I think
everyone has an amy dot exe like that
malware is [ __ ] it's all over the
internet yeah you know it's it comes
from Reddit and so everyone has it and
it's why I think it's it's really basic
I think the reason the stream is what it
is is because people come on and they're
like authentic about what their
experiences and the cool thing like the
cool thing about the stream is that
anxiety self judgement self critical
thoughts that's something that we all
deal with but somewhere along the way
society stops talking about bad things
yeah
right you always talk about like even if
we think about Tom's question about like
how do you pump someone up when you
introduce them somewhere along the way
Society placed a value judgment on
saying something good about someone
instead of saying hey this is Lucy she
struggles with her own internal dialogue
from time to time like we just don't
introduce people like that it's crazy I
was working with someone who was having
really bad anxiety and he was on a date
with someone from tinder and the first
thing that he said on the date was hi my
name is so-and-so and then he said I
sometimes struggle with social anxiety
so apologies if this is awkward and then
do you know what her answer was
no no she said I also struggle with
social anxiety thank you so much for
saying that they had an awesome date
that's like it was crazy
I like I said it's like go in with like
disclaimers like oh yeah yeah call them
disclaim is it actually like makes you
feel a lot more like relax just like oh
yeah here's my disclaimer of like my
human behavior oh [ __ ] you're human too
oh my god
and I know it's it's kind of stupid cuz
like I've set this standard goodbye to
like the standard thing they go vetted
earlier like either it's a standard that
I've set or like that I feel like other
people have set for me but it's not it's
like as a streamer like you're supposed
supposed to be like this like perfect
person it's like sometimes I just want
to comment stream and like yo disclaimer
like I'm kind of tired I'm kind of
anxious and I don't really know if I
want to be here today cuz I like what
those are it's like that's what that's
the truth that's what's going on but is
that like oh you don't want to like like
seem like ungrateful but then after you
kind of get it off your chest it's it's
kind of gone I think yeah yeah yeah
right so I think what Lucy what you're
describing is exactly what hi it's Ava
was asking which is like what do you do
when the the urge of anxiety is too high
and you can't surf it you just say like
Oh like hey this is just gonna be bad
and somehow you gain power over that
negative emotion I just acknowledge and
get admitting it accepting it and that's
what you should do with Amy dot exe yeah
I think yeah I think I don't know if
it's like in society like we were like
ashamed of like the gem that comes along
with just saying like hey this is my Amy
EXE like here's my [ __ ]
cuz I think with the whole like social
media thing nowadays it's like used to
like manufacturing yourself to like be
perfect to then deep down everyone's got
this Amy
exe runnin and it's like oh [ __ ] like
what's wrong with me like why why does
everyone else look so like perfect Yeah
right because what's happening is are
are the versions of people that we're
seeing or
coming more and more manufacturer yeah
so we it's just monkey-see monkey-do
like that's how we are and so we think
that we since we see everyone going on
vacation to like Hawaii and the Bahamas
and things like that we think that's
what we should be doing right and so
anyway thanks a lot for coming on thanks
a lot for you know being open about your
stuff I think it resonated with a lot of
people and and good luck you know
getting rid of your malware yeah no
problem thank you so much and thank you
yes and and how do we how do we hook
people up on stream with like
information about your streams we Tommy
I know it's been going ok so people have
been doing it fantastic thank you yeah
yeah so oh there we go
they just posted it yeah so you guys
should check that out because you know
sometimes taro she's good at diagnosing
people too
and sometimes a little bit of taro can
provide a nice framework to understand
people so thanks a lot you see yourself
bye YouTube bye